Add uncaught exceptions to the core formal spec. (#238)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: document/core/exec/runtime.rst

   \end{array}

Reduction terminates when a thread's instruction sequence has been reduced to a :ref:`result <syntax-result>`,

> that is, either a sequence of :ref:`values <syntax-val>`, to an unresolved thrown exception or to a |TRAP|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is, either a sequence of :ref:`values <syntax-val>`, to an uncaught exception, or to a |TRAP|.
```
